Ain't know.
They know.
You know,
I've been reading these articles written by these angry women about Louis C.
Case comeback and some of them have been going to his shows and writing about
his show.
And one of them that I read today was from this woman in Pittsburgh.
What I thought was fascinating,
she said that he has a,
he doesn't allow people to bring cell phones,
you know,
they have those yonder pouches.
We put your,
and the woman's her,
her rationalization of this was,
and she included me and Dave Chappelle and this,
that we use those because we know that words offend,
but we don't want the consequences,
which is not what it is at all.
No,
it's,
you don't want people sharing your,
if your material online because you're developing it and you're touring with it.
Just like we,
we and jokes are a surprise position.
Doesn't want you recording them,
just noodling around before they finish this song.
Right.
But it musician's song,
the differences,
you can hear it over and over and over again and it doesn't lose any of the
thing.
You to joy it more,
more to the point.
But if you have a bit about diapers,
right.
And there's just like a very specific punchline about a diaper and then they
already know it.
They know that punchline and you're working out how to get to that punchline and
how to set up the bit.
But someone leaked the audio already like that.
Like Louise touring right now with that leaked set.
Yeah.
Which is weird,
right?
Like what all that stuff about the Parkland kids and I don't know if he's still
doing those bits,
but he was doing some of those bits.
Yeah.
Like he has a bit about losing all the money and about,
uh,
how he bought a gold watch.
Like those bits,
like this woman referenced those bits in the article,
which means that she went to the show and he's doing the material from the leak,
which kind of has to do because he's only if you brought an hour over the last
10 months.
Right.
He's been hiatus.
What,
what does he do?
Like what he can't,
he's touring.
So is he going to tour with a whole new hour?
Get the fuck Outta here?
Yeah.
I mean,
I feel like,
I feel like he's,
he's quite obviously a special case because of his behavior.
Yeah.
But it's,
it's almost like,
I will say that aside,
you know,
like,
uh,
I have my problems with Louie and what he's done and everything,
but overall I'm on the side of free speech and in terms of being comedians,
I,
we,
we can't allow you to come in and film our shit or recorded no matter who it is,
because it's,
it's the,
the larger thing is like everyone,
one thing with comedy is everyone,
everyone,
everyone thinks they're an expert.
There's no other art form or someone's like,
I know what the best shit is,
or I've got a friend funnier than you.
Right.
You know,
in all fairness,
if I go to see a movie,
I'm not a movie maker,
but if I go to see a movie and I think it sucks,
I should be able to say,
oh,
that movie blue.
True.
But you're not allowed to go on set and film at yourself while they're filming,
while you're also not allowed to bootleg it and then put it online.
You go to jail.
Yeah.
And it really will.
And people,
uh,
that,
that record our stuff like uh,
Stan hope was,
was tweeting about that.
Like how is this legal right after the and Louis thing.
Yeah.
And,
and uh,
you know,
Chappelle has that thing that like the comedy works has,
where you come in with your cell phone,
they put it in a locked pouch.
You get the Combo you're getting when you leave.
I was doing that before I did my Netflix special as far was only doing it to
really,
because I was tightening up my,
my set and I didn't want any of it getting leaked right before the Netflix
special.
But once I filmed it,
then I stopped doing it because it was like,
it's too hard,
too complicated and it's just like the Internet is going to be the internet.
It's just,
it did make the show better though.
You know,
where it did make it better.
Miami,
I'll realize in Miami,
people are there such chimps that they just kept getting up and walking out and
to check their phone.
They'd get up,
they'd go out to get their phone,
they come back,
and so they were all just like popping up and down.
Everybody's just trying to fucking do coke in Miami.
Argued.